Use MATCH_ALL constant for recorder state attributes exclusion (#2229)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity.md

- `_entity_component_unrecorded_attributes: frozenset[str]` may be set in a base component class, e.g. in `light.LightEntity`
- `_unrecorded_attributes: frozenset[str]` may be set in an integration's platform e.g. in an entity class defined in platform `hue.light`.

> The use of the `MATCH_ALL` constant can be used to exclude all attributes instead of typing them separately. This can be useful for integrations providing attributes which is not known or when you simply want to exclude all without typing them separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MATCH_ALL` constant can be used to exclude all attributes instead of typing them separately. This can be useful for integrations providing unknown attributes or when you simply want to exclude all without typing them separately.
```

> Using the `MATCH_ALL` constant does not stop recording for `device_class`, `state_class`, `unit_of_measurement` and `friendly_name` as they might also serve other purposes and therefore should not be excluded from recording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `MATCH_ALL` constant does not stop recording for `device_class`, `state_class`, `unit_of_measurement`, and `friendly_name` as they might also serve other purposes and, therefore, should not be excluded from recording.
```
